good to all I'm here in a video
It's worth a video tutorial to upload
level I will make you many videos of this type
since there are many objects that still do not
I know I am not of maximum level and above
I do not think you 're the fastest way
to climb but I think it is a
of the best ones that I will explain
the krafft that we are going to do here is going to
be this ballet the hole where we can
place several barriers or whatever without
have to use it foundation the acute
tension you see John I think it's one of the
characters that give pretty good
experience one with two and have some
materials to make it quite poor
three of stats that is taken out in swimmer's
fiber and ten of wood each traffic of
this will give us 12 points I think 13 I think
it's a pretty good figure a bit low
thinking that the notes in the beginning
they gave a point but well I've seen a lot
people who go up making walls the
which give you one of experience and are
much more difficult to do
well then as you can see although it is a
Crazy a bit slow you can leave
doing it is not like the notes
previously you had to cancel
and as you can see, it gives a point with two or
one with three one figures and another thing that
I wanted to tell you about this crafter is that
you can break it
to get a third of the material that you
gave something that is not bad because
example holds so you can get 33
more thanks to that for what you can
flip one third more of the
materials that you had then as you see
we demolish it quickly if it leaves us what
demolition Man
and he gives us half of the wood in
reality in the matter gives us half
thing that is I believe the most important thing
because taxi fiber we can have a lot
more than give us half of the wood
when thatcher we can have lots
it practically means that we can
do double and not a third like me
I thought so I think it's pretty
ok kraft is just that because the
quite experience and above we can
take out many more materials breaking the
since it is not a very useful thing
although we can use it to
build and good also videos of this
type with more character os for others
lower level levels continues to create
some other character to be tested if
there is a low level kraft that is more
useful or whatever and we'll see
soon in other literal like this until
so